Prob - 1 :
Implement a program which will remove all the vowels from a given string.



Prob - 2 :
Write a program which will convert the temparature for the user. Keep the 3 scale of temparature to convert, C/F/K. Implemnet a separate function to convert this temparature and take two parameter to the function like temparature value and scale to convert.


Prob - 3 :
Implement a program of random password generator of a specified length in Python.



Prob - 4 :
Create a Rock-Paper Game in Python. Start the game, take input from the user and randomly choose Rock/Paper from a list and print the result of consecutive 3 rounds.


Prob - 5 :
You are given a string S. Suppose a character 'c' occurs consecutively X times in the string. Replace these consecutive occurrences of the character 'c' with (X,c) in the string.

For a better understanding of the problem, check the explanation.

Input Format

A single line of input consisting of the string S.

Output Format

A single line of output consisting of the modified string.

Constraints

All the characters of  denote integers between 0 and 9.


Sample Input

1222311
Sample Output

(1, 1) (3, 2) (1, 3) (2, 1)



Prob - 6 :
A newly opened multinational brand has decided to base their company logo on the three most common characters in the company name. They are now trying out various combinations of company names and logos based on this condition. Given a string , which is the company name in lowercase letters, your task is to find the top three most common characters in the string.

Print the three most common characters along with their occurrence count.
Sort in descending order of occurrence count.
If the occurrence count is the same, sort the characters in alphabetical order.
For example, according to the conditions described above, Input Format

A single line of input containing the string .

Output Format

Print the three most common characters along with their occurrence count each on a separate line. 
Sort output in descending order of occurrence count. 
If the occurrence count is the same, sort the characters in alphabetical order.

Sample Input 0

aabbbccde
Sample Output 0

b 3
a 2
c 2